Razorpay Docs Logo
US
Payments

Orders

Available in

IN
India

MY
Malaysia

SG
Singapore

US
United States

About Orders
All about Razorpay Orders, their states and Razorpay Dashboard actions.

Order is an important step of the payment life cycle at Razorpay. When a customer clicks the pay button on your website or app, an order is created with a unique identifier. This contains details such as the transaction amount and currency. The order id secures the payment request and one cannot tamper with the order amount. Pass this order id to the Razorpay Checkout.

You need to integrate your server with Orders API before proceeding with Razorpay Payment Gateway integration on your website or app.

Advantages
Single successful payment bound to an order. Prevents multiple payments.
Quick and easy query in the database. Combines multiple payment attempts for a single order.
Order States
Following are the various states of an order:

Status	Description
created	When a new order is created, it is in the created state. It stays in this state until payment is attempted on it.
attempted	An order moves from created to attempted state when payment is first attempted on it. It remains in the attempted state until a payment associated with that order is captured.
paid	After the payment is captured successfully, the order moves to the paid state. No further payment requests are allowed once the order moves to the paid state. The order continues to be in the paid state even if the payment associated with the order is refunded.
Watch Out!

If an order is in an attempted state with the associated payment id in the authorised state, initiating another payment using the same order id is not allowed.

Order and Payment Flows
Following is a pictorial representation of how order and payment flows are closely related:

Pictorial representation of Order and Payment Flow
Create Orders
You can create an order using this API.

Related Information
Orders APIs
Was this page helpful?


Yes


No

about orders
razorpay orders
razorpay payments orders
order states
SUBSCRIBE TO DEVELOPER UPDATES

Your email address

Subscribe

API Reference Guide

Integrations

Support