Razorpay Docs Logo
US
Payments

Payment Links

Available in

IN
India

MY
Malaysia

SG
Singapore

US
United States

About Payment Links
Create Razorpay Payments Links and share them with your customers from the Dashboard or using APIs and start accepting payments. Check the advantages, supported payment methods, and more.

Razorpay Payment Links let you accept payments without a website or app.

Generate a unique link from your Dashboard or via APIs and share it with customers via email, SMS, or social media. Customers can use these links to pay securely and easily.

You can manage all Payment Links directly from the Dashboard - create, cancel, duplicate, search, or update them. You can also get instant notifications by subscribing to Webhook events. Most of these actions can also be performed using APIs.

Advantages
Create-to-Collect in a matter of minutes: Create Payment Links easily with a few clicks and share them with customers.
Automatic sharing of link: The customers receive a Payment Link on SMS or email using which they can quickly pay.
Set expiry date: Set due dates for Payment Links after which the links expire.
Partial payments: Allow your customers to make partial payments. You can also decide the first installment amount to be paid by customers in case of partial payments.
Set reminders: Send automated SMS to your customers to remind them about outstanding payments.
Easy integration using APIs: Seamlessly integrate Payment Links with your systems using APIs.
List of Supported Payment Methods
Online Payment

Customers can make online payments using cards.

Get Started
Ensure you have a Razorpay account. Log in to the Dashboard and click Payment Links.

Integrate With Existing Systems
You can easily integrate Razorpay Payment Links with your existing order management and billing solution using the Dashboard. With API integration, a Payment Link can be created as soon as an order is created on your order management systems.

Related Information
How Payment Links Work
Standard Payment Links
Payment Links States
Create a Payment Link
Payment Links APIs
FAQs
Was this page helpful?


Yes


No

payment links
create payment links
payment link setup
payment link creation
SUBSCRIBE TO DEVELOPER UPDATES

Your email address

Subscribe

API Reference Guide

Integrations

Support